Being possessed by the desires id is something so awful Fyodor Dostoyevsky wrote an entire book about hilariously entitled *The Idiot*. In me, these maladaptive hedonistic impulses to follow the ever-present desires of the id express at the very beginnings of my Venus Sequence. Many times in relationships, in new reinventions of the self, the Repressive (Obsessive) and Reactive (Pedantic) states of Gene Key 62's (*The Language of Light*) Shadow of Intellect seems to offer the best way, but leads us down a dark path. This key is my IQ sphere, 62.3 - The Flexible Mind (evasive). 

In my EQ sphere, I have Key 28.1 - Embracing the Dark Side! In the shadow of Purposelessness, Reactively Gambling & Repressively Hollow! So my journey has always been about acknowledging and respecting these maladaptive desires of the id which if fully indulged lead indirectly to bitter, ignominious ends. Such as I never imagined when as a child I was scolded in classrooms for staring out windows while daydreaming.

Once we are no longer possessed by the myriad sensations the id craves, we begin to navigate this dangerous landscape of desires. Return non-love with love in the self, and patterns of Intellectual Purposelessness shatter, giving way with Precision to our real path, the way of following our true heart's Desire. That which leads us home, directly towards the true Infinite Wellspring of Power ruled by the silent voice of our higher self. Even every act of Purposelessness is still an integral aspect of our universal Totality, and thus there is Immortality in all things. Even "wasting time". When we are dreaming our lives, I doubt any time spent daydreaming is wasteful. Rather, those are moments where the evolution of our form meets the involution of our Destiny, intricately linked with our Desire, and our Dreams. Those form links in a *paternoster* of dream-thought stretching throughout our lives. With luck, our purest, waking day dreams help create our future world.