Probably ought to begin this page with some references to Carl Jung and the collective consciousness, and about how it can make people do things.

I will talk about my experiences with the many phones I've had over the years. Like all purchases you will carry on your person this is a very unique choice you will need to make based upon your expected usage habits, in combination with your personal style. As you may remember, I've had some very stylish phones over the years, but eventually settled into my standard "smartphone you feel safe giving to a child" because I _profoundly_ disagree with Neil Degrasse Tyson about certain crucial things (particularly his "this is my rifle" speech concerning phone protection - the only reason soldiers don't need rifle protectors is because rifles are typically made from 303 stainless steel not gorilla glass). Choosing phone which fits reasonably in the pocket you will keep in so it won't fall out, for which the protector systems are reasonably priced (both case and screen guards, because if you need to replace them you're going to want to be able to go to the nearest repair shop and pay them <$40 to do it in minutes for you. Having a weird phone everyone has to wait for parts for is a PITA in this circumstance. So whatever you buy, unless you're prepared to shell out nearly $400 on insurance every year, get a model of phone _without_ obvious points of failure (bits which fold, stick out, look weird - they will all bump, scrape, knock, break, get stuck, and scratched or marked up in every way imaginable in the environment of a pocket or a bag). Even if this doesn't break the slide, popout, hinge, or whatever, it will become, if you are even remotely fastidious it will become an annoyance you have to spend time cleaning. God help you if it's an aerial which sticks out, prepare to be "that person" who has to yell so loudly into their phone they might as well just cup their hands into the air.
Phone companies love realeasing those kinds of novelty phones because people who've never had one before go:
🤩
But the reality is the reason they release them is because they know it leads more quickly to the purchases of more reliable phones - which means adhering to mainstream trends, which exist for a reason.